Create Getting started with List draft (#1925)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/List/00 Getting Started with List/04 Select Items.md

> The **List** supports the following selection modes: **single**, **multiple**, and **all**. They can be specified in the [selectionMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#selectionMode) property. End users click or tap **List** items to select them. Selected items become shaded. When the [showSelectionControls](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#showSelectionControls) property is set to **true**, users can select items with radio buttons or checkboxes.

Reviewer: I know I requested that you added the information about how users select items, but on the second glance it doesn't quite fit the narrative.

```suggestion
The **List** supports the following item selection modes: *"single"*, *"multiple"*, and *"all"*. To enable selection, specify one of these modes in the [selectionMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#selectionMode) property.
```

> The **List** supports single and multiple selection modes. Use the [selectionMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#selectionMode) property to specify a selection mode.

Reviewer: There are more modes: https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#selectionMode
Let's also say how users select items: by click, using checkboxes, or else.

---
##### jQuery

    <!-- tab: index.js -->
    $(function () {

>         $('#list1').dxList({

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        $('#list').dxList({
```

            dataSource: new DevExpress.data.DataSource({
                store: products,
            }),
            displayExpr: 'Name',
        });
            // ...

>             selectionMode: 'single',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // ...
            selectionMode: 'single',
         });
```

> The **List** supports the following item selection modes: *"single"*, *"multiple"*, and *"all"*. To enable selection, assign one of these modes to the [selectionMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#selectionMode) property.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **List** supports *"single"*, *"multiple"*, and *"all"* item selection modes. To enable selection, assign one of these modes to the [selectionMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#selectionMode) property.
```

> The **List** supports the following item selection modes: *"single"*, *"multiple"*, and *"all"*. To enable selection, specify one of these modes in the [selectionMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#selectionMode) property.

Reviewer 3: Preposition "in" doesn't work when you want to set a property value to something. I could say one of the following: 

- Set the X property to Y
- Assign Y to the X property
- Specify Y as the value of the X property 
- maybe something else 

```suggestion
The **List** supports the following item selection modes: *"single"*, *"multiple"*, and *"all"*. To enable selection, assign one of these modes to the [selectionMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#selectionMode) property.
```

The **List** supports the following item selection modes: *"single"*, *"multiple"*, and *"all"*. To enable selection, specify one of these modes in the [selectionMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#selectionMode) property.

---
##### jQuery

    <!-- tab: index.js -->
    $(function () {
        $('#list').dxList({
            // ...
            selectionMode: 'single',
         });
    });
##### Angular

    <!-- tab: app.component.html -->
    <dx-list...
        selectionMode="single">
    </dx-list>

##### Vue

    <!-- tab: App.vue -->
    <template>
        <div id="app-container">
            <DxList...
                selection-mode="single">
            </DxList>
        </div>
    </template>

    <script>
    // ...

>     import service from './products.service';
> 
>     export default {
>         // ...
>         data() {
>             // ...
>         },
>     }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
